Create guide for seeking audio resource (#1483)
discordjs/guide: guide/voice/seeking.md

# Seek

> Currently, there's no way to seek audio resources with raw discord.js such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
discord.js does not have a built-in method for seeking audio resources.
```
`raw discord.js` seems a bit off

```js
const { createAudioResource } = require('@discordjs/voice');

const resource = createAudioResource();

resource.seek(1000); // This will be an error!

> ```

Reviewer: this example seems a bit unnecessary considering it doesn't works?

Author: k im gonna delete it

But some packages provide seek options with these solutions.

## Cheat sheet

Methods

1. Play audio
2. Create seeked resource
3. Play the seeked audio resource

> Yo, this should be easy, right?

Reviewer: this section is more like a TOC and lesser like a cheat sheet, could probably be replaced instead with the name of packages that are being used below?

Author: umm could u explain a bit more? like prism-media? or distube or discord-player?

Reviewer: hm maybe this section can be completely removed as we do mention prism-media at the first section

Author: I got it

> ### Creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample code 
```
Might be better it name it such way as the complete code is provided at the end of the section?

> First, to seek resource, you have to create new function like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To seek resource, you can create a new function with  the following code:
```

```js
// Require necessary package
const prism = require('prism-media');

// stream -> should be audio stream

> // seek -> should be int that within duration of the stream

Reviewer: It might be better to explain these as text after this example

Author: k

function createFFmpegStream(stream, seek) {
	let seekPosition = '0';

> 	if (seek) seekPosition = String(seek);

Reviewer: the indentation of this seems weird and could confuse beginners, perhaps a ternary would work better or a block if statement?

Author: Oh I think so let me fix it

	const transcoder = new prism.FFmpeg({
		args: [
			'-analyzeduration', '0',
			'-loglevel', '0',
			'-f', 's16le',
			'-ar', '48000',
			'-ac', '2',
			'-ss', seekPosition,
			'-ab', '320',
		],
	});
	const s16le = stream.pipe(transcoder);
	const opus = s16le.pipe(new prism.opus.Encoder({ rate: 48000, channels: 2, frameSize: 960 }));

> 	return opus; // Return seeked stream

Reviewer: this is quite self explanatory isn't it? is the comment really necessary

Author: k

}
```

> This function will return seeked stream. If you want to change audio quality, you have to edit this:
> ```
> '-ab', '320',
> ```
> 320 to something you want.
> 320 means 320Kbps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The function returns the seeked stream. For more configuration options you can look at the [prism media documentation](https://amishshah.github.io/prism-media/).
```

> ### Real installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Complete Code
```
another option would be to put the code below in a file and use the normal way

```js
const { createAudioResource, createAudioPlayer } = require('@discordjs/voice');
const fs = require('fs');

const player = createAudioPlayer();
const normalAudioResource = createAudioResource('Your audio file path');

player.play(normalAudioResource);

const seekedAudioStream = createFFmpegStream(fs.createReadStream('Your audio file path'), 10); // Seek to 10s
const seekedAudioResource = createAudioResource(seekedAudioStream);

player.play(seekedAudioResource);
```

> You can use other stream for createFFmpegStream() first argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first argument of the `createFFmpegStream` method would be your stream.
```
